Documentation: Example Data (#7) (#8)
msharr/musicRR: README.md

# musicRR

An alternative representation of RR peak data in terms of musical notation.

## Data format

> Place data in a text file within `patient_folder`. Defined in `index.py`

Author: ```suggestion
Place data in a text file within `patient_folder`. This folder is declared in `index.py`
```
